hey guys it's Vaughn and it's peachy
and we're the Munro sisters so we came
with you guys today we're actually still
in Charleston South Carolina we're here
for an event if I told you guys about
before and we're here because we wanted
to quickly put it out there that we are
actually having an event that we had
promised
Anders wants you guys to know that the
event is upon us at this time this event
will be sponsored by our online boutique
style khue kham and we're really excited
to do something really awesome
very fashioned over here in our city
Chicago
let's see Fitness actually a fashion
social it's called city lights it's
actually gonna be in Chicago Thursday
July 18th from 7 to 9 p.m. at lumen
nightclub woman is located 839 West
Fulton market in Chicago so we want you
guys to get super glam super fab come
out and have a really good time and this
is what you can expect at the event so
obviously the event is gonna feature us
different ulcers are we gonna be hosting
it it's also going to feature a live
style cue summer look look so similar to
our launch party we're gonna have a
little mini Fashion Show showcasing all
of our brand new summer items that are
in so you can expect fashion tips from a
fashion expert they will have at the
event that will help you guys with
styling and just to look great during
the summer they're also going to be
covering how to dress really fashionable
for your body type and also considering
difference in budgets there's also going
to be a cash bar featuring our featured
drink the quench and also a couple of
interviewed so it's also going to be a
free after party immediately following
our event so the event that we're having
is from 7:00 to 9:00 but after that from
like 10:00 to 2:00 a.m. there's the
after-party
that usually cost like 10 or 20 bucks
but you guys will be able to get in
there for free by sticking around after
the event and make sure that you come
ready to turn up okay so make sure that
you register now tickets are only $10
you can register by clicking this link
below wwq fashion social bright calm so
you know the monroe sisters always
provide some sort of perk or take away
with our events so for the first 100
guests to arrive you are going to go
home with a premium sample kit from NY
futur and also you must be 21 or older
to enter we're also excited about the
style keep giveaways that we're gonna
have we're gonna have giveaways also
from in 20 tour you another we've worked
with the company in point before we love
their products so this is gonna be kind
of a joint event where it's wine is
going to be our only exclusive sponsor
so you know that there's gonna be tons
for you guys to win so we hope you guys
come out and have a great time with us
we love to have these events in Chicago
we did promise you guys we were gonna be
having another style cue events before
the summer rose up so this is the event
we promised you guys make sure that you
do register online now tickets are going
to be going fast we sort of
if it in the first 48 hours so we hope
for this time but you guys who miss it
we want to make sure we got this video
on YouTube of you guys have an
opportunity to register so make sure you
guys head over to purchase your tickets
and definitely don't forget to check us
out at www.imtcva.org I see ya